  article   
  The Bugs in sSMTP. 
  David Collier-Brown 
    
document  



  Introduction. 
  This is a history of the criticisms of and bugs found in sSMTP,
primarily by the anonymous reviewers of comp.sources.reviewed.

  Criticisms 
itemize  
  README and man page were insufficient -- rewritten.
  Bad MANIFEST format -- changed to use Larry Wall's    makekit(1) 
  BSD sockets weren't documented as a dependency -- documented now.
  Patchlevel wrong in documentation
  strings.h and other BSD-isms in code -- corrected.
  Fails to honor ``-f user'' and ``-fuser'' -- UNCHANGED.  
	This feature isn't really guaranteed, and I elected to not
	support it.
  Does not guarantee addition of required headers, assuming
	mailhub will apply them -- changed, alas.  I assumed the
	sendmail/zmailer behavior of adding RFC-required fields,
	but this assumption didn't hold water: I wasn't sending
	and RFC-compliant message, and PP spotted it.  So now
	I do.
  Does not support -t -- documented better.  This is a
	fundamental (mis) feature of the program, which is a filter.
	Adding -t requires at least a tempfile and possibly a
	queue, which makes the program radically different.  I've
	been asked (by Mike Marques) to write the more complex program,
	and may do so at a later date.  It certainly won't be called
	sSMTP, though! (The s stands for both small and simple).
  Installation replaces /usr/lib/sendmail without saving a copy -- corrected.
  ROOT= set in Makefile -- corrected.
  LACKING= ill-documented -- corrected.
  Latex errors in ssmtp_plm.tex -- corrected.
  Man page doesn't document sendmail flags -- corrected.
  Won't compile on Sys V before R4 (Sys V R 3.2 frogs badly on the 
	BSD-specific  signals TTIN/TTOU).
  Contained `` +^L+'' characters, generate bad shar file -- corrected.
  Too hard to reconfigure after compilation (also spotted
	my Mike Marques) -- added mail.conf file.
  If you don't give it a to-address, it doesn't send a MAIL FROM:<>
	(found by me, in testing) -- corrected.
  I had a printf(fp,buffer) in the code, which had problems
	printing lines containing   I had a missing fp in a printf (found by me) -- corrected.

itemize  

document  
